fix(devx) - Address docs feedback forms (#5598)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/developer/getting-started/local-network.mdx

## Start a Local Network

<Tabs groupId="installation-method">

<TabItem label="Prebuilt" value="prebuilt">

> If you installed IOTA using [HomeBrew](install-iota.mdx#homebrew) or by downloading the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you installed IOTA using [a package manager](install-iota#install-using-a-package-manager) or by downloading the
```

Maybe more future proof this way?
